Every year, an estimated 11.2 billion tonnes of waste is produced. While looking for a solution for this problem, the first step is minimisation of waste, where waste cannot be avoided. So the second option is recovery of materials and energy from waste and recycling of waste into usable products. Recycling leads to substantial resource savings. For example, for every ton of paper recycled, 17 trees and 50 per cent of water can be saved. 

The circular economy refers to an economic model whose objective is to produce goods and services in a sustainable way, by limiting the consumption and waste of resources as well as the production of waste.
Waste materials and energy should become input for other processes through waste reclamation, either as a component or recovered resource for another industrial process or as regenerative resources for nature. This regenerative approach is in contrast to the traditional linear economy, which has a "take, make, use, dispose, pollute" model of production. Circular economy is a boon to our society and environment when practiced on a daily basis. As stated earlier Recycle , Reuse and Reduce of waste are its main advantages which also leads to protection of the environment from pollution, creates a positive impact on climatic changes and decreases the impact of landfill and soil contamination. Since the waste is recycled and used as a resource to another product, our dependence on fresh raw material is minimised which leads to the prevention of biodiversity loss.

As this Circularity shouldn't be limited to one industry we have created an application called GRAB SCRAP where manufacturers and consumers from varied sectors can buy & sell  recyclable waste. They can rely on us to fulfill their respective needs as we provide the gathered information from our users. Industries - Small scale businesses - individuals from varied sectors can register on our App and benefit from the plethora of opportunities to buy or sell recyclable waste. Registration is a one-time procedure where users register with their name, email address and contact number. We only provide a platform for the exchange of goods and do not operate as a middleman between the producer and the consumer, so they do not have to pay any additional fee or commission involved. The producer who desires to sell his recyclable waste will have to furnish the details like cost, address, description, image so that the buyer has a clear picture of what they  are looking to purchase. We do offer 2 add-on features that allow the seller to delete and edit the product details at any time. The buyer will be able to see all the details of the product in a one-click process that includes price, contact information, address and company name. Grab is user friendly and interactive which makes the user's experience comfortable. In the long run this sector boosts economic growth and also increases job opportunities. For example this sector employs 12 million people in Brazil, China and the United States alone. We hope that through our application we could create a positive impact on the environment through waste recycling and reusing. 